23 April 2019 - 2 major and well-documented incidences of people being biased negatively toward me due to initial impressions and peer interactions.
The first such incident occurred during the school year of 2016-2017.
Having just entered 6th grade at a new school, initial impressions are quite important from previous observations.
I was placed in an advanced math class that was meant for 7th graders.
Most people said nothing much of my arrival and I recall being quite surprised that many people were so loud when greeting me.
After a few days, people began commenting on my abnormal and erratic behavior and unconventional way of speaking.
Even people who would have normally accepted this became convinced that I was weird, abnormal, and began excluding or ignoring me.
This did not bother me much as I had been used to this.
Upon hearing that one of my classmates is the sister of my stamper, I attempted to speak to her.
She will be referred to as person A and she is with good friends with person B.
I did this when we were allowed to stay outside for the unit as we had passed the pretest.
Upon my approach, person B becomes uncomfortable and attempts to get person A to leave with her.
She is reluctant but leaves anyways.
Over the next few days, they try to avoid interaction with me, eventually requesting to stay in a separate room.
This kept up for quite a while, multiple months of us, along with some others, passing the pretest and staying outside and persons A and B staying in the separate room.
One day, person A approaches me with person B while we are outside.
Person A seems to be of a relatively neutral expression but seems to be in a good mood, while person B is uncomfortable and seems to want to leave.
They begin engaging in conversation with me.
This continues for a while and they invite me to eat with them, seeing that I typically wander the halls during lunch.
We continue to do this.
We exchange emails eventually.
When asked why she befriended me:
"Also, why do you care?
it does not affect me.
I have developed ways to make those comments to not hurt.
I have a way of getting something to pass through my head without it registering,
without knowing it was said,
or bending its meaning into something [completely] different,
or passing it off as a joke,
as they do"
her response was quite vague:
"I care because you are my friend [fffffgggg54]".
She also wrote an essay about this interaction from her point of view:
"My elementary school educated children from a variety of countries all around the world.
I felt included and safe.
However, the innocence of my adolescence came to an abrupt halt when I first began attending middle school.
Suddenly, I was exposed to bullying, sexism, and racism.
It was subtle, but it soon became clear that the America I had been exposed to my whole life,
was a mere piece of a country-sized puzzle.
I soon had to become accustomed to comments like,
“You’re only smart because your Asian” or “You’re pretty good at running… for a girl.”
Luckily, I was blessed with the knowledge of how to defend myself from these remarks,
but for the first time, I realized that the world I lived in was imperfect.
One of the biggest issues with these kinds of comments was the tendency for people to play them off as a joke.
If I tried to protest the crassness of these remarks,
I was portrayed as stuck-up or “too innocent to understand.”

As time went on, I stopped protesting, it never did any good.
It didn’t really matter, I knew how to deal with nasty remarks, it wasn’t my problem.
I felt it was inevitable, that hearing and observing these crude incidents was normal,
and that if I pretend I didn’t hear them, they would disappear.
That was until I met a boy in my math class, one year younger, with autism.
I thought he was weird, and I ignored him whenever he tried to speak with me.
The kids in my class constantly whispered about him, saying rude, awful things about his strange behavior.

One day, I happened to overhear, “that kid is freaking crazy, he must be mental.”
I had felt a pang of shame in the pit of my stomach.
I had judged him without even getting to know his true personality.
The next day, I spoke to him for the first time.
Turns out he was probably the most intelligent person I had ever spoken to in my life.
He was extremely truthful, speaking without any underlying messages or double-meaning.
It was refreshing. We became fast friends.
I taught him how to interpret social ques and how to react,
and in exchange, he inadvertently shed light on what I wasn’t aware was a dark situation.
He made me realize that a little kindness can go a long way, and that it may even surprise you.
I now view the world differently; I no longer judge as soon as I see.
Instead, I try to look beneath the surface, because behind fake facades of nastiness or strangeness,
could be an extremely kind person who doesn’t know how else to act given the life they were bestowed."

The second occasion occurred
